1、For man is man and master of his fate.
人就是人，是自己命运的主人。
2、A lazy youth, a lousy age.
少壮不努力，老大徒伤悲。
3、Do one thing at a time, and do well.
一次只做一件事，做到最好！
4、Youth means limitless possibilities.
年轻就是无限的可能。
5、Knowledge makes humble, ignorance makes proud.
博学使人谦逊，无知使人骄傲。
6、Go for it! Just do it！
加油！向前冲！做了再说！
7、A man is only as good as what he loves.
一个人要用他所爱的东西有多好来衡量。
8、If winter comes , can spring be far behind ?
冬天来了，春天还会远吗？
9、Sharp tools make good work.
工欲善其事，必先利其器。
10、Bad times make a good man.
艰难困苦出能人。
11、Journey of a thousand miles begins with single step.
千里之行，始于足下。
12、The first step is as good as half over.
第一步是最关键的一步。
13、Failure is the mother of success.
失败乃成功之母。
14、Genius is an infinite capacity for taking pains.
所谓的天才是不断地承受痛楚。
15、Difficult circumstances serve as a textbook of life for people.
困难坎坷是人们的生活教科书。
16、A man is only as good as what he loves.
一个人要用他所爱的东西有多好来衡量。
17、I know that my future is not just a dream.
我知道我的未来不是梦。
18、A man's best friends are his ten fingers.
人最好的朋友是自己的十个手指。
19、I will greet this day with love in my heart.
我要用全身心的爱来迎接今天。
20、The good seaman is known in bad weather.
惊涛骇浪，方显英雄本色。
21、Suffering is the most powerful teacher of life.
苦难是人生最伟大的老师。
22、If you are doing your best,you will not have to worry about failure.
如果你竭尽全力，你就不用担心失败。
23、True mastery of any skill takes a lifetime.
对任何技能的掌握都需要一生的刻苦操练。
24、There is no royal road to learning.
求知无坦途。
25、I am a slow walker,but I never walk backwards.
我走得很慢，但是我从来不会后退。
26、Where there is a will, there is a way.
有志者事竟成。
27、A man has two ears and one mouth that he may hear much and speak little.
人有两只耳朵一张嘴，就是为了多听少说话。
28、The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today .
实现明天理想的唯一障碍是今天的疑虑。
29、If the short cut to learning, it also must be diligent.
如果说学习有捷径可走，那也一定是勤奋。
30、Victory belongs to the most persevering.
坚持必将成功。
31、A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
双鸟在林不如一鸟在手。
32、Time is a bird for ever on the wing.
时间是一只永远在飞翔的鸟。
33、Nothing is impossible！
没有什么不可能！
34、When all else is lost the future still remains.
就是失去了一切别的，也还有未来。
35、Winners do what losers don't want to do.
胜利者做失败者不愿意做的事！
36、Adversity is the midwife of genius.
逆境造就天才。
37、Time is money.
时间就是金钱。
38、Every noble work is at first impossible.
每一个伟大的工程最初看起来都是不可能做到的！
39、Never a negative acknowledge why it is impossible.
永远也不要消极地认为什么事是不可能的。
40、What a man needs most is appreciated.
人性最深切的需求就是渴望别人的欣赏。
41、The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
对明天做好的准备就是今天做到最好。
42、A girl because she had no shoes to cry, until she saw a man who had no feet.
一个女孩因为她没有鞋子而哭泣，直到她看见了一个没有脚的人。
43、The reason why a great man is great is that he resolves to be a great man.
伟人之所以伟大，是因为他立志要成为伟大的人。
44、Pursue your object, be it what it will, steadily and indefatigably.
不管追求什么目标，都应坚持不懈。
45、If you do not learn to think when you are young, you may never learn.
如果你年轻时不学会思考，那就永远不会。
46、A positive attitude may not think time and effort spent on the little things.
有积极心态的人不把时间精力花在小事情上。
47、Don't try so hard, the best things come when you least expect them to.
不要着急，最好的总会在最不经意的时候出现。
48、The world is like a mirror: Frown at itand it frowns at you; smile, and it smiles too.
世界犹如一面镜子：朝它皱眉它就朝你皱眉，朝它微笑它也朝你微笑。
49、Our greatest glory consists not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.
我们最值得自豪的不在于从不跌倒，而在于每次跌倒之后都爬起来。
50、The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart.
世界上对勇气的最大考验是忍受失败而不丧失信心。
51、In our task at the beginning of mind decided finally had much success, which is more than any other factor is very important.
我们在一项任务刚开始时的心态决定了最后有多大的成功，这比任何其他因素都重要。
52、When we start with a positive attitude and view themselves as successful when we start a success.
当我们开始用积极的心态并把自己看成成功者时我们就开始成功了。
53、Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
如果你想要成功，不要去追求成功；尽管做你自己热爱的事情并且相信它，成功自然到来。
54、The talent of success is nothing more than doing well whatever you do without a thought of time.
成功之路没它，唯全力投入工作，而不稍存沽名钓誉之心。
55、Those who turn back never reach the summit.
回头的人永远到不了最高峰！
56、You cannot improve your past, but you can improve your future. Once time is wasted, life is wasted.
你不能改变你的过去，但你可以让你的未来变得更美好。一旦时间浪费了，生命就浪费了。
57、How do we treat the life, the life how we treat.
我们怎样对待生活，生活就怎样对待我们。
58、Do not, for one repulse, forgo the purpose that you resolved to effort.
不要只因一次挫败，就放弃你原来决心想达到的目的。
59、While there is life there is hope.
一息若存，希望不灭。
60、Great works are performed not by strength , but by perseverance. ——Samuel Johnson
完成伟大的事业不在于体力，而在于坚韧不拔的毅力。 ——英国作家和评论家约翰逊
61、Genius only means hard-working all one's life. ——Mendeleyev
天才只意味着终身不懈的努力。 ——俄国化学家门捷列耶夫
62、It never will rain roses.When we want to have more roses we must plant trees. ——G. Eliot
天上不会掉下玫瑰来，如果想要更多的玫瑰，必须自己种植。 ——英国小说家艾略特
63、The man who has made up his mind to win will never say “impossible”. ——Bonapart Napoleon
凡是决心取得胜利的人是从来不说“不可能的”。 ——法国皇帝拿破仑
64、Miracles sometimes occur, but one has to work terribly for them. ——C. Weizmann
奇迹有时候是会发生的，但是你得为之拼命的努力。 ——爱尔兰总统魏茨曼
65、If you have great talents, industry will improve them;if you have but moderate abilities, industry will supply their deficiency. ——Joshuas Reynolds
如果你很有天赋，勤勉会使其更加完善；如果你能力一般，勤勉会补足其缺陷。 ——美国散文家雷诺兹
66、Ideal is the beacon. Without ideal,there is no secure direction; without direction ,there is no life.  ——Leo Tolstory
理想是指路明灯。没有理想，就没有坚定的方向；没有方向，就没有生活。 ——俄国作家托尔斯泰
67、Efficiency comes from diligence. In shortage in the play ground transportation into Si, was destroyed by the idler.  —— Han Yu
业精于勤荒于嬉，行成于思而毁于惰。  ——韩愈
68、Do not, for one repulse,give up the purpose that you resolved to effect. ——Willian Shakespeare
不要只因一次失败，就放弃你原来决心想要达到的目的。 ——莎士比亚
69、A man is not old as long as he is seeking something. A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. ——J. Barrymore
只要一个人还有追求，他就没有老。直到后悔取代了梦想，一个人才算老。 ——巴里摩尔
70、You have to believe in yourself . That's the secret of success. ——Charles Chaplin , American actor
人必须相信自己，这是成功的秘诀。 ——美国演员 卓别林. C.
71、One's real value first lies in to what degree and what sense he set himself. ——Einstein Germany
一个人的真正价值首先决定于他在什么程度上和在什么意义上从自我解放出来。 ——爱因斯坦德国
72、The important thing in life is to have a great aim,and the determination to attain it. ——Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
人生重要的事情是确定一个伟大的目标，并决心实现它。 ——德国诗人、剧作家歌德
73、If you wish to succeed, you should use persistence as your good friend,experience as your reference, prudence as your brother and hope as your sentry.  ——Thomas Edison
如果你希望成功，当以恒心为良友，以经验为参谋，以谨慎为兄弟，以希望为哨兵。 ——美国发明家爱迪生
74、Dare and the world always yields.If it beats you sometimes, dare it again and again and it will succumb. ——W.M Thackeray
大胆挑战，世界总会让步。如果有时候你被它打败了，不断地挑战，它总会屈服地。 ——英国小说家萨克雷
75、The unexamined life is not worth living. ——Socrates
混混噩噩的生活不值得过。 ——苏格拉底
76、Happiness, I have discovered, is nearly always a rebound from hard work.  ——Grayson
我发现，辛勤工作的报酬几乎总是幸福。 ——格雷森
77、Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass. ——John Ruskin
生活没有目标，犹如航海没有罗盘。 ——罗斯金
78、There is no such thing as a great talent without great will - power. ——Balzac
没有伟大的意志力，便没有雄才大略。 ——巴尔扎克
79、Our destiny offers not the cup of despair, but the chalice of opportunity. So let us seize it, not in fear, but in gladness. ——R.M. Nixon
命运给予我们的不是失望之酒，而是机会之杯。因此，让我们毫无畏惧，满心愉悦地把握命运。 ——尼克松
80、Fear not that the life shall come to an end, but rather fear that it shall never have a beginning. ——J.H. Newman
不要害怕你的生活将要结束，应该担心你的生活永远不会真正开始。 ——纽曼
81、Gods determine what you're going to be. ——Julius Erving
人生的奋斗目标决定你将成为怎样的人。 ——欧文
82、Will, work and wait are the pyramidal cornerstones for success. ——Louis Pasteur
意志、工作和等待是成功的金字塔的基石。 ——法国化学家巴斯勒
83、All that you do, do with your might; things done by halves are never done right. ——R.H. Stoddard
做一切事情都应尽力而为，半途而废永远不行。 ——美国诗人斯托达德
84、An aim in life is the only fortune worth finding. ——Robert Louis Stevenson
生活的目标，是唯一值得寻找的财富。 ——史蒂文森
85、Only those who have the patience to do simple things perfectly ever acquire the skill to do difficult things easily. ——Friedrich Schiller
只有有耐心圆满完成简单工作的人，才能够轻而易举的完成困难的事。 ——德国剧作家诗人席勒
86、Try not to become a man of success but rather try to become a man of value. ——A. Einstein
不要为成功而努力，要为做一个有价值的人而努力。 ——爱因斯坦
87、You have to believe in yourself. That's the secret of success. ——Charles Chaplin
人必须有自信，这是成功的秘密。 ——卓别林
88、We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope. ——Mattin Luther King
我们必须接受失望，因为它是有限的，但千万不可失去希望，因为它是无穷的。 ——马丁·路德·金
89、Energy and persistence conquer all things. ——Benjamin Franklin
能量加毅力可以征服一切。 ——富兰克林
90、Cease to struggle and you cease to live. ——Thomas Carlyle
生命不止，奋斗不息。 ——卡莱尔
91、There is no such thing as a great talent without great will - power. ——Balzac
没有伟大的意志力，便没有雄才大略。 ——巴尔扎克
92、A man can succeed at almost anything for which he has unlimited enthusiasm. ——C. M. Schwab
无论何事，只要对它有无限的热情你就能取得成功。 ——美国实业家施瓦布
93、Strength alone knows conflict, weakness is below even defeat, and is born vanquished. ——Swetchine
只有强者才懂得斗争；弱者甚至失败都不够资格，而是生来就是被征服的。 ——斯威特切尼
94、The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for circumstances they want, and if they cannot find them, make them. ——Bernara Shaw
在这个世界上取得成就的人，都努力去寻找他们想要的机会，如果找不到机会， 他们便自己创造机会。 ——萧伯纳
95、Ideal are like the stars --- we never reach them ,but like mariners , we chart our course by them. ——Carl Schurz
理想犹如天上的星星，我们犹如水手，虽不能达到天上，但是我们的航程可凭借它指引。 ——美国政治家舒尔茨
96、A strong man will struggle with the storms of fate. ——Thomas Addison
强者能同命运的风暴抗争。 ——爱迪生
97、The failures and reverses which await men - and one after another sadden the brow of youth - add a dignity to the prospect of human life, which no Arcadian success would do. ——Henry David Thoreau
尽管失败和挫折等待着人们，一次次地夺走青春的容颜，但却给人生的前景增添了一份尊严，这是任何顺利的成功都不能做到的。 ——梭罗
98、My philosophy of life is work.  ——Edison
我的人生哲学就是工作。 ——爱迪生
99、Victory won't come to me unless I go to it. ——M.Moore
胜利是不会向我们走来的，我必须自己走向胜利。 ——穆尔
100、He who seize the right moment, is the right man. ——Goethe
谁把握机遇，谁就心想事成。 ——歌德